This set of scripts is intended to help you fetch manga from anymanga.com. It
just downloads whole title (or specified volumes and chapters) and saves it in
a nicely layouted file structure.

Scripts are hosted by w3crapcli project [1]

    1. http://w3crapcli.blasux.ru

All the code is licensed under the 3-clause BSD license. See LICENSE for more
details.


How to Install
==============

All you need to do is place scripts in some directory mentioned in your PATH
environment variable. You can either create separate directory for scripts like
that and add it to your PATH, or you can copy scripts somewhere. Choose
whichever way you like. Make sure all dependencies are avaliable.

Also, if you obtained scripts from the w3crapcli git repo, you can easily
install them using make:

  # make install

Scripts can be uninstalled in the same way (that works no mater where did you
get scripts, you only need to have Makefile):

  # make uninstall

You can also install and remove separate scripts - see what targets are
available in the Makefile.


Dependencies
============

POSIX compatible shell (BASH, dash etc). /bin/sh should be it or symlink to it
coreutils
curl
wget
urlencode (can be found at w3crapcli under the utils directory; only
    anymangasearch depends on it)

Note that anymangaget depends on anymangasearch, but you can ignore that and
use anymangaget separately if you would always specify anymanga URLs instead of
titles.


Usage
=====

Simply call anymangaget with a manga title as a parameter:

$ anymangaget appleseed

Script would either quit quietly (that means manga is not found) or start
downloading manga pages. Script would create a directory called the same as
manga title, and all the pages would be stored there in a structured way.

You can stop downloading anytime you like - just hit Ctrl-C. If you want to
resume downloading, simply call anymangaget with the same parameter again -
script would not download pages that are already present.

If title consist of more than one word, use quote marks or escaping:

$ anymangaget 'City Hunter'
$ anymangaget "City Hunter"
$ anymangaget City\ Hunter

Refer to your shell's documentation for more details on escaping and quote
marks.

You can also specify which volume and chapter to download. The following
command would fetch first volume of "Air Gear":

$ anymangaget "Air Gear" 1

That one would fetch third chapter of second volume of "7 Seeds":

$ anymangaget "7 Seeds" 2 3


There may be situations when there are more than one manga satisfying your
query (if you type "naruto" then not only original series but any sequels and
prequels would match too). In that case anymangaget won't download anything. To
find out *exact* manga you want, use anymangasearch script:

$ anymangasearch naruto

That would show you all the mangas satisfying "naruto" query along with their
authors and manga URLs. Choose one and specify its URL instead of a name to
anymangaget, like that:

$ anymangaget 'http://anymanga.com/appleseed/'

(you may escape URL so it won't be interpreted in some way by your shell).

You can also search by author:

$ anymangasearch -a shirow

That command would list all the mangas by the authors whose names contains
"shirow".

If tilte consists of few words, you don't need to escape anything:

$ anymangasearch air gear

Parameters for anymangasearch and anymangaget scripts are case insensitive, so
search by "naruto" and "NaRuTo" would give you exactly the same results.


Author
======

All scripts are written by Alexander Batischev. You can contact me via email:
eual dot jp at gmail dot com.

